Stick breaking (#2)
promised-ai/rv: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `_with_cache` variants to `ConjugatePrior` `ln_m` and `ln_pp` methods
    for use cases where these methods are called many times in different data
    without changing the underlying distribution. This also adds two more

>     associated types to the trait (`MCache` and `PpCache`), and one method

Author: ```suggestion
    associated types to the trait (`LnMCache` and `LnPpCache`), and one method
```
